bauforum 24 tv news
In 2013, the company will celebrate being emperor
The crawler excavator is 100 years old
specialist from liechtenstein presented
at the bauma the emperor it will be twelve
design was created this year with the
baumer innovation award honored
Friday is a very special one
device is applied in alpenraum im
photographed mountains in very special
primarily in europe but there are also
missions in usa special for example
in florida but also in asian
Market there are machines running there
maybe the global market is about
300 to 400 machines per year and we
are there a very big player of it
plays the machine on the world market
is very flexible it also means that
a driver must be similarly talented
like a helicopter pilot he has many
functions and can anyone
Reason to tackle any topic in the water
Mountains on rocks on soft ground and
really in very steep places
the machine was a complete one
new development and we have the design
the driver in the center but
Also the machine as complete too
consider that was very important to us
We do not use single module single elements
but have designed the whole machine
aligned in harmony with the driver
So the cabin is completely new
the engine is a powerful and
big com 3b engine and a completely new
Hydraulic solution has been integrated
the innovation award of bauma means
We have a lot in the area
design won this award and we
We are a small manufacturer
other really big names in this in
this category left behind us and
is really a big one for us
award a significant
Award and we hope so too
that the clientele not only because of
price but really because of the
machine because of this whole this
uniform beautiful design on this
machine appeals that is and I think
We succeeded in making a machine
the market also bring the acceptance
finds the customer that we have
know in those days also experienced that
really many
Customers here at bauma this
find the machine great
bauforum 24 tv construction in motion